ladee their internet people it's Bo
again so today we're gonna talk about
what it meant to be a Republican what he
used to me see I tweeted out that older
video let's talk about that new liberal
deal now to avoid giving too many
spoilers I'm just gonna say that a few
people pointed out that you know while
after Roosevelt the greatest generation
they voted in a Republican a guy named
Eisenhower case you haven't heard first
I'd like to point out that between
Roosevelt and Eisenhower there's guy
named Truman but Truman was kind of an
extension of FDR so fair enough but
here's a fun little historical fact
Eisenhower was pretty much an extension
of FDR in fact Truman probably the
reason he's so forgettable his numbers
were pretty pretty awful it was a
surprise that he actually won his
campaign and the people that truly
supported the New Deal those Roosevelt
insiders they were worried they were
worried that Truman just wasn't up to
the task so they decided to reach out
and get a different candidate still the
nomination from it you know they reached
out to Eisenhower that yeah they were
they reached out to the Eisenhower
because well Eisenhower was pretty big
supporter of it that's what it used to
mean to be a Republican when Eisenhower
finally get a got in office he continued
almost all of the new and fair deal fair
deal being Truman's he strengthened
Social Security he increased the minimum
wage he initiated the largest public
works project in history even bigger
than anything in the New Deal you might
have heard of it it created 41,000 miles
of road it's called the interstate
and you know him being a general when it
came time for him to leave his mark on
Washington and the bureaucracy there
it's time for him to create a new
Department you know he created some you
know military branch or something right
now he created something called the
Department of Health Education and
Welfare a Republican because as part of
the greatest generation he understood
what it was like to see people suffer
they didn't do that they banded together
they didn't look at the poor and the
disabled and say oh well they must have
done something to deserve that they
didn't live there right their life right
they could just pick themselves up by
their bootstraps work harder you know I
wanted to get people a handout as far as
civil rights go there was a little bit
of tension at the time attention could
be personified and a group called the
Little Rock Nine they were trying to get
into a school recently desegregated it
played out a whole lot like that scene
from Forrest Gump
somebody had to send federal troops down
to make sure everything went okay
that person was Eisenhower he signed two
other pieces of civil rights legislation
that I know of there may be more I can
only think of two you know him being a
general he was obviously one of those
guys who wanted to yell a rivet on your
bumper sticker I guess back then tied
around your tree the whole time because
that's how you keep people motivated all
right no in fact he ended the Korean War
soon as possible and during his entire
tenure he only deployed troops into the
combat setting once in 1958 to Lebanon
although he did authorize airstrikes to
save some French troopers at a place
called in bin foo that isn't seized
without fault he did offer eyes the CIA
to do some pretty messed up stuff in the
name of combating communism but
overall when you look back yeah he's a
pretty great Republican president and
Republicans can lay claim to him but
they must acknowledge that everything
that made him great they now stand
against that's the reality of it when
people talk about the party switching it
was right after this it was right after
this at this time
Republicans still pretended at least to
care about those people who voted for
them rather than just care about the
rich and convince all of those poor
people that it was somebody else's fault
it wasn't wasn't the people making the
decisions it's the brown person the poor
person the personal welfare that's who
it is that's the reason here you're
having a bad time that was an
Eisenhower's thing so yeah lay claim to
him but admit that you hate all of his
policies it's also worth noting that he
used his farewell address to warn the
United States about something called the
military-industrial complex see he was
worried that the armaments industry
insiders there in DC that they had too
much influence and that well we just end
up with a larger and larger military
more and more defense spending perpetual
Wars and he was right he tried to warn
people about this and it was his
farewell address that he did it the
speech was two years in the making
because he understood that the idea
behind the United States is that the
state serves the people not the people
start meant serving the state
so yeah he was a great Republican
president in history just remember its
history anyway it's just a fault
now I have a good night